[Debbie] My name is Debbie Claybourne.
I thought my marriage was strong.
Think we should get a divorce.
[upbeat. dramatic music playing]
-[gasps]
-Judith!
I thought I knew my best friend.
[grunting]
-Are you an assassin?
-Yep.
[Judith] My name is Whiptail.
I am an international assassin.
[screaming]
Is that my next assignment?
Billy Donovan?
[Sam] You were the gold standard.
and now everything you touch
turns into chaos.
-[gunshots]
-[screaming]
[Debbie] Why are they shooting at us?
Why do you have a gun?
[Judith] And now. both our lives have
been completely turned upside down.
It's the Black Mark.
Pirate code.
It means someone wants you dead.
♪♪
I know how to find them.
I've been shot at.
I've been chased.
I drove a vehicle I'm not even insured on.
And my husband...
There's something
that I think you should know about David.
-He's dead.
-He left me.
-What?
-[♪ Meredith Brooks singing "Bitch"]
-♪ I hate the world today ♪
♪ You're so good to me.
I know. but I can't change ♪
♪ Tried to tell you ♪
♪ I don't envy you ♪
♪ I'm a little bit of everything
all rolled into one ♪
♪ I'm a bitch. I'm a lover ♪
♪ I'm a child. I'm a mother.
I'm a sinner...
[dispatcher] All units.
armed response team.
Northwood Hills.
Report of gunfire on B34.
Witnesses suggest single driver.
Possibly female.
Shit.
[mysterious music playing]
Jackpot.
You okay?
I don't know what's wrong with it.
[Debbie] Oh. my God. your car is so tidy.
Mine is filled to the brim.
I just throw everything in the front seat.
-[sighs]
-Plus. I have to have my seat
all the way back because I'm pregnant.
Arms completely straight.
[chuckles] Oh. God.
Is that a seat warmer?
I love a good seat Warner. Just...
What? Why are you smiling?
You... talk quite a lot.
I do. I'm sorry.
-I'm sorry. [laughs]
-Oh. no. no. no. no.
No. no. no. it's... actually really nice.
I have a bit of a serious. boring job.
I don't really get to chat much.
Oh. what do you do?
I'm a forensic accountant.
[sighs]
Fascinating.
Tell me everything.
[lighthearted music playing]
[Judith] Yeah. but did you read
the second book? Because I thought...
-Not as good.
He rested on his laurels.
A hundred percent.
-It felt rushed.
-That's exactly right.
It felt rushed.
[Debbie laughs]
[both singing along] ♪ I'm a bitch.
I'm a lover ♪
♪ I'm a child. I'm a mother ♪
♪ I'm a sinner. I'm a saint ♪
♪ I do not feel ashamed. I'm your...
Oh! Sorry. sorry.
-Oh. no.
-That's me.
Oh. Oh.
♪ You know you wouldn't
want it any other...
-[song shuts off]
-[engine idling]
[sighs]
[chuckles] Well...
it was lovely to meet you.
You. too.
[chuckles]
[rolls down window]
-Hi.
-Hey.
Would you like to come in?
-Yeah.
-[chuckles]
Yeah. I'd like that.
[quiet. pulsing music playing]
[garage door opening]
Where is this? Where are we going?
Uh. my house.
-[pulls hand brake]
-What are you talking about?
This isn't your house.
I've been to your house.
That's not my real house.
You have a fake house?
No. it's a real house.
-I just don't...
-Who has a fake house?
You know what? You know what?
[laughs] I cannot deal with this!
I don't want to hear about
your fake house.
or your fake life. or your fake friends.
My husband is dead.
And I need
to call my children
and tell them their dad
is some kind of criminal.
So I want to go to my normal.
real house.
Well. you can't. It's too dangerous.
Take me home. Judith.
No. Get in the house.
-No!
-Fine!
Then stay in the van.
[Debbie] Fine.
I will!
[scoffs]
All right. I'm coming.
[♪ Gin Wigmore sings "Kill of the Night"]
♪ The street's a liar ♪
♪ I'm gonna lure you into the dark ♪
♪ My cold desire ♪
♪ to hear the boom. boom. boom
of your heart ♪
♪ The danger is I'm dangerous ♪
♪ And I might just tear you apart ♪
♪ Oh. ah. oh ♪
♪ I'm gonna catch ya ♪
♪ I'm gonna get ya. get ya ♪
♪ Oh. ah. oh ♪
♪ I wanna taste the way
that you bleed. oh ♪
♪ You're my kill of the ♪
♪ night ♪♪
Me again. Whiptail. Just checking in.
Keen to hear where we're
at vis-à-vis us being in shit
up to and including our eyeballs.
Where are you?
[woman clears throat]
Amanda.
Uh. I was just looking for you.
-Where is she?
-She is
collecting. uh. data
and regrouping for a second pass.
You don't know where she is.
You've lost control of your agent.
and she's failed
to complete her assignment.
I absolutely do know.
The Director made himself very clear.
Last night was her final chance.
I will let The Director know.
No. please.
Just-just hang on.
She's got this. I promise.
-[phone buzzing]
-Ah! You see?
Just hold those horses.
Yes?
[Barry] Sorry. boss.
looked everywhere. She's vanished.
Okay. okay. just. um...
[chuckles] Just come back in.
[quiet. tense music playing]
So. your work bought this for you?
No.
The Agency don't know anything
about this place.
Nobody does.
You designed all this on your own?
Mm-hmm.
Absolutely lovely.
[mysterious. dramatic music playing]
[sighs]
Where's all your stuff?
Where's your antiques?
Do you know
you have guns in the cooker?
Yes.
Who are you?
I'm the same person I've always been.
Deb. I'm your friend.
I'm exactly who you think I am.
-I just...
-Look at where we are.
What kind of person lives like this?
The person I was friends with isn't real.
You lied to me. David lied to me.
He divorced me. now he's dead.
and the one person I want to call
and tell has guns in the cooker.
[stammers]
Wait. where are you going?
I need
to go into work and find out
who left me this. okay?
Now. will you please just take a shower?
There's plenty of food in.
and I will get back to you
as soon as I can.
I am not staying here.
Well. you can't come with me
and I can't leave you anywhere else.
I have to keep you safe.
But I promise you. when all this is over.
I will explain everything.
Now. please just trust me.
[scoffs] Trust you?
Honey. when this is over.
I don't ever want to see you again.
Keep it together.
You got to call the kids.
And tell them what?
"Hi. kids. it's Mom.
It's Mom and your dad is..."
Don't panic. Debbie.
Don't panic. Don't panic!
You have to tell them.
Or else they're going
to find out from the news.
The news.
Oh. my God. the news.
[tense. rhythmic music playing]
David Clybourne garden party?
David... Claybourne... dead.
"David Claybourne dead certain
cost of living will go down."
What?
[telephone ringing]
Hello. the Hotel Mont Claire.
Yes. my name is Debbie Claybourne.
Hello. Mrs. Claybourne.
Uh. I-I'm trying to locate my husband.
David Claybourne.
Absolutely. Is he a guest with us?
No. he... was...
involved with the incident last night.
Which incident was that?
At the party?
The-the terrible thing?
The people... in-in-in
in Billy Donovan's hotel room?
Ah. yes. madame. the terrible thing.
We were notified that
Mr. Donovan's room had a mold infestation.
and a rapid remediation team
were brought in to clean the area.
Uh. I can assure you.
the incident has been entirely resolved
and the rest of the hotel
-is absolutely safe.
-But...
Was your husband
involved in that situation?
Did he...
did he touch the mold in any way?
[call beeps off]
[cell phone buzzing]
[groans] Hello.
[Debbie] Where is my husband's body?
The Agency have got it... him.
uh. and he's com-completely safe...
No. no. no. no. no.
A mold company has him.
How do you know that?
I called the hotel.
-Why would you do that?
-Why wouldn't I?
He wasn't on the news.
Well. of course he's not on the news.
I told you. the Agency
have taken care of everything.
Who are these people?
[sighs]
You don't want to know.
[tense. dramatic music playing]
[cell phone buzzing]
-Thank God. Is it done?
-Is what done?
Billy Donovan. Is he dead?
Not yet.
Listen.
there was a body from last night.
Look. last night's under control.
-Footage is deleted. scene is clear.
-No. no. no.
I need you to hold onto a body for me.
Just... keep it safe.
What? Whose body?
[sighs] Uh. a guy called David Claybourne.
He's an MP.
An MP?
You shot an MP?
I didn't shoot him. He was already dead.
No. no. of course.
because nothing's ever your fault. Yes.
I will go down and get your body back.
Now. will you please.
please go and do your job?
I'm coming in.
[tires screech]
-Hello?
-[telephone rings]
What?
Sir. we found her.
♪♪
[alarm blaring]
What is your agent doing in our building?
Just... so lovely to see you. Amanda.
[Sam] Please. Please. don't do this.
Agents cannot be seen in here!
There's protocol. you know that!
This is off-limits!
♪♪
[Sam] No.
[telephone ringing]
He says. "Let her up."
-[pounding on door]
-[Debbie] Judith!
Judith! Judith!
[straining]
[quiet. suspenseful music playing]
[panting]
[quietly] Okay.
Okay. here we go.
There are four numbers.
Which means...
like. 10.000 possible combinations. Oh...
Unless...
I know the four numbers.
♪♪
Oh...
[beeping rapidly]
Really. Judith?
-[beeping stops]
-[exhales]
[scoffs]
[quiet. dramatic music playing]
Yes. quite. smash them down. why not?
What's 200 years of Moroccan craftsmanship
when you're in a hurry?
What the fuck is this?
The Black Mark.
How thrilling. About time
somebody brought that back.
And from the "Book of Judith."
Someone has done their homework.
[Judith] Someone knew I was coming.
so your system has been compromised.
Impossible.
Well. then. who ordered the hit?
The only people that knew I was there:
Me. you. Sam and whoever paid for the job.
I need not remind you
of our security protocols.
We are untraceable. unbreakable.
because even if I wanted
to give you that information. I cannot.
So. in answer to your quandary.
why don't you find
this Billy Donovan and ask him?
Before you kill him. obviously.
And you ask me what these are.
And the answer is
they are merely pieces of paper
to which we have attributed meaning.
What they symbolize to you
is that someone is coming.
What they symbolize to me...
is that you can no longer do your job.
The girl I trained
would never have allowed this to happen.
You grow weak.
your work is sloppy.
Austria. Brussels. Beirut.
rule breaking. ignoring the plan...
-No. that was different.
-No!
It is not.
You disobeyed
and allowed yourself
to be compromised. and now.
someone has found you.
You are not what you once were.
You were my best.
No. I still am.
Prove it.
You're no agent of mine until you complete
the job you were hired to do.
Oh. and Whiptail?
Don't ever fucking come in here again.
♪♪
[birds singing]
[creaking]
Hmm.
[sighs]
What have you done?
[tense. dramatic music playing]
[exhales]
[object clatters]
-[sighs]
-[turns phone on]
♪♪
[glass shatters]
[latch rattles]
[door opens]
[glass crunching]
[suspenseful music playing]
[line ringing]
[operator] 999. What's your emergency?
Yes. there are people
breaking into my house.
I'm at 17 Rosemoor Lane.
-Speak up. please.
-No. I can't speak up because
there are men breaking in.
Okay. can you describe these men for me?
No. no. no. no. because
they are downstairs and I'm upstairs.
And I think it's the same people
who murdered my husband
and now they are gonna murder me.
Check the bedroom.
-Fuck.
-They murdered your husband
in your house?
-Is that right?
-No. No. no. no. no. no.
They murdered him last night
at the Water Relief gala.
I don't have any reports of
a murder at a Water Relief gala.
That's because a mold company took him.
A mold company murdered your husband?
No. No. they didn't murder him.
they just took him.
They're a front
for an assassination agency.
What part of this is difficult?
Oh. God. Oh. God.
♪♪
[Debbie grunting]
[dramatic music playing]
[tense dramatic music playing]
[cell phone buzzes. chimes]
♪♪
[car alarms blaring]
[Judith whimpers]
[coughing]
♪♪
[indistinct chatter]
Ooh.
-Who did that?
-Uh...
guy in. uh. Lebanon.
Hmm. [chuckles] Does good work.
-[Judith winces]
-Yeah. Tight stitches.
Not as good as me. but
it's good.
You gonna tell me what happened?
Someone try to kill ya?
Far worse. Someone's playing me.
They could've killed me so many times.
and they're not...
they're not doing it.
Who?
-I don't know. I-I...
-Sorry.
They're so far ahead of me.
they know every move I'm making. I'm...
I was tailing the mark.
but he was. he was leading me there.
I walked straight into it.
Not permanently. but
just for a little while.
-why don't you take a step back?
-[sighs]
Get your head in the right place.
I can't step back.
[quiet. dramatic music playing]
He'll never let me back in.
Is that the worst thing?
I can't think of anything worse.
This is all I have.
It's all I am.
[quiet music playing]
[news anchor] We are now going
live to Milgate Cemetery
with a report that some viewers
may find distressing.
[reporter] Residents of this
quiet suburb in North London
have been left reeling...
-My God.
-following the discovery
of local resident. Martin Shaw.
a Milgate Cemetery groundskeeper
who was found
murdered last night
in what the police have revealed
to be a single gunshot wound...
[suspenseful music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
[cell phone ringing]
[groans]
[Judith] Hi. I was just checking in
to see how you're doing.
Where are you?
I'm at home. where you left me.
Look. here's your stupid water tap.
Oh. Good. good. Listen.
I need you to do something for me.
-What is it?
-Right. there's a cupboard
next to the fridge
that has a secret panel.
-Mm-hmm.
-Can you open that for me?
-There's some papers inside.
-Yep. Got 'em.
Could you read me the third line
of the second page?
[sighs] I-It's blurry.
I don't have my glasses.
For fuck's sake!
I know you're not in my apartment
because I'm in my apartment!
Okay. fine. I left.
How did you even get out?
Your door combination is the same
as the passcode to your phone.
You know what?
I don't even want to talk to you.
You killed that poor man in the cemetery
-last night.
-No. I didn't.
Well. he's dead.
and he's on the news.
so I can only assume that you are lying
since you've lied about everything for
every second that I've ever known you.
No. no. I-I-I'm not lying.
I just didn't tell you.
-Well. it's the same thing.
-No. Debbie.
you're not hearing me.
I am trying to keep you safe.
It is not your job to keep me safe.
You. David.
nobody gets to tell me
what's best for me. Not anymore.
I'll handle this on my own.
[call beeps off]
[cell phone buzzes]
[Sam] Whiptail. just so you know.
I know Billy Donovan is not dead
because I'm currently watching
a live feed of him looking...
-Oh. damn.
-extremely alive and well.
I've got the location
of his meeting this afternoon.
and I'm texting it to you now.
-[suspenseful. dramatic music playing]
-[sighs]
[busy chatter]
[Billy] Hey.
Gentlemen.
How are we?
Right.
Where's your friend?
I'm. uh. famished. fellas.
What're we having? Anyone want to. uh.
go halves on a seafood platter?
Where is he?
-Hmm?
-Your friend.
David Claybourne.
He's just. he-he's a little bit delayed.
On account of. uh. being...
dead.
-What the... What'd you say?
-[Albon speaking Albanian]
Hey. relax.
♪♪
Look. I know this isn't what
we would call...
ideal.
But I've got a plan.
There's his wife.
She knows everything about the operation.
she's the brains of it.
She's gone missing.
We find her...
we find the money.
And how do you intend to find her?
[Debbie] Good afternoon. gentlemen.
I do. uh. apologize
for interrupting your meeting.
Now...
Mister... Donovan?
I would like to know
the exact nature of your business
with my husband.
[scoffs]
Who the fuck are you?
How rude of me.
I'm sorry. My name is Debbie Claybourne.
I won't be long.
I just have some questions for Billy.
This is the wife?
Yes. this is the wife. And who are you?
[Spiro] My father
is Ergon Kreshnik.
He's with the Albanian mob.
[Spiro] No. he's not
with Albanian mob.
he is the Albanian mob.
What business do you have
with my husband?
You said she was running the operation.
Yet she knows nothing.
I know enough.
Were you involved with my husband's death?
[ominous. tense music playing]
Mrs. Claybourne.
we haven't had the-the honor
of being properly introduced yet.
but I can assure you these are men
you should not be accusing of anything.
And every single one of us
at this table very much
needed your husband alive.
Well. then. why did you break
into my house?
Yeah. that was me.
♪♪
What did you want?
Your husband had their money.
Why does he have your money?
Business transactions.
And then...
he stole it.
I beg your pardon?
He stole our fucking money.
and now he's dead.
[Judith] The Albanians.
Billy Donovan.
what the fuck are you doing?
Listen. I'm so sorry about your loss.
but we need the money back.
And he stole it?
♪♪
No. No.
[chuckles] So. how much is it?
£24 million.
Right.
Well. thank you for your time. gentlemen.
I. um... want to say
it's been. uh...
♪♪
[horns honking]
Oh. wait. wait.
Too tight. too tight. [groaning]
That's gonna bruise.
Don't go far.
[Debbie] Uh. you're hurting me.
Where are you taking me?
Ooh! Oh...
[grunting]
Fuckin' hell.
Aah! Aah!
Aah!
[continues groaning]
[Debbie exclaims]
Uh. I'm with...
Where are you taking me?
Think I lied when I said I knew stuff.
I don't know anything.
[groans] You're so rough!
-[engine revs]
-No. No.
Hey! Yo!
Where are you taking me?
I told you I don't know anything.
[speaking Albanian]
[cars honking]
[driver shouting in Albanian]
[exciting music playing]
[shouting]
[men screaming]
[shouts]
♪♪
[tense music playing]
[grunting]
Oh...
[gasps]
[exclaims]
I got a gun to her head!
I'm not messing about!
-I will kill the...
-[muffled shot]
[Judith] Debbie!
[gentle music playing]
Come on.
Come on!
We've got to get out of here.
[sirens wailing in distance]
Are you coming?
Come. come on. come on.
I've got you.
I've got you. I've got you.
[softly] I've got you.
Oh. shit.
-All right. Okay.
-Get it...
[both panting]
[sirens wail]
♪♪
[Judith] You okay?
[Debbie] No.
Do you want to talk about it?
No.
When does he get here?
Couple minutes.
And what happens after that?
He's gonna take you
to a s-safe house.
And you'll be completely safe
till I get back.
And what about you?
I need to find Billy Donovan.
He's the only one
who saw what happened last night.
And saw who set me up.
He'll be on the run now.
He's here.
[suspenseful music playing]
I'm coming with you.
What?
No. No.
No.
These aren't small-time thugs.
It's the Albanian mob.
I need to understand
how my husband stole £24 million.
If these men are coming for me.
the only way I can protect myself
is to find out
everything Billy Donovan knows.
So I'm not asking you. I am telling you.
I'm coming with you.
[footfalls approach]
Good evening.
I understand you've been
caught up in events beyond your control.
I'm here to protect you.
Your safety is guaranteed...
Change of plan.
She's coming with me.
Could I borrow you for a second?
Yeah.
Are you insane?
You want to take a civilian on assignment?
Who is she?
She's the most important
thing in the world to me.
Right. okay. what is she... FBI. CIA?
Government? Witness protection?
She's my best friend.
[Sam] She's... [laughs]
Oh. my God. oh. my God.
I'm gonna lose my job. Do you know
how many rules this is breaking?
Yes. I do.
This is the last thing
I will ever ask of you. Sam.
But you need
to listen to me very carefully.
If you tell anyone about her...
I will kill you.
Yeah.
Billy Donovan's passport
flagged this evening
at a private airport outside the city.
Flight path is headed toward
northern Spain. where he has a safe house.
It'll take me a few hours
to get the exact location.
Thank you.
Thanks. Sam.
No. No... Oh. my-oh. my God.
she knows my real name.
[motorcycle engine starts]
-[door opens]
-[entry bells jingle]
[Debbie] Oh. thanks. Ooh.
Oh.
Excuse me.
Do you have these in a size six?
Put your shoes back on.
[Queenie] Mom.
Think we're gonna need you.
[intriguing music playing]
This is. uh. Mrs. Williams.
Hello.
Shall we?
Queenie. get her a change of clothes.
I'll just be here.
Thank you.
[Queenie] So. what size are you?
Don't say it. Don't say it.
I haven't said a word.
♪♪
I don't know. I don't. I don't. uh...
I don't really...
wear this sort of thing.
Do you want to take a look?
[chuckles softly]
[♪ Tess Henley singing "Better"]
[Queenie] You can't smile
in a passport photo.
Just-just a straight face is… Okay.
Oh. wait. Uh. can I. uh...
-Uh-huh.
-Can I go again?
A-And this time. can you aim higher?
-Yeah.
-Last time.
-Promise.
-Last one.
-I promise.
-Mm-hmm.
Great. That's-that's...
-I mean. I don't-I don't love it. but...
Yes.
And that's D-E-B.
O-R-A-H. "Deborah."
What?
Well. it's... it's just
not gonna be your name. is it?
[Debbie] Veronica?
Veronica Gillingsby? Who's that?
It's you.
Nice to meet you. Veronica.
-So real.
-[Queenie] Well.
for all intents and purposes. it is real.
I mean. it will take another.
what. like. 45 minutes
before everything uploads.
But by the time you lot
get to passport control.
there'll be
a whole new person in the system.
Oh. my God. It. uh. it-it's British.
Yeah. you can't make
American passports
with this kind of turnaround.
Can you do a British accent?
[bad British accent] 'Ello. guvnor.
top of the morning
to you. Would you like a spot of tea?
Yeah. maybe just -Feel like...
-don't speak. I reckon...
-Probably less is more.
[Queenie] That's probably…
[contemplative music]
Um... no.
Your bag.
And your phone.
And your watch.
I-I got this...
wedding anniversary. I...
-You'll get it back.
-[Williams] Everything belonging
to Debbie Claybourne stays here.
I can't.
-Well…
-Okay.
Good luck. Veronica.
[Williams] Take care of her.
I will.
I wasn't talking to you.
[entry bells jingling]
-[piano playing a gentle tune]
-[indistinct chatter]
Hey.
Uh. whiskey. please.
Yeah. double.
Uh. triple.
Actually. could I get the whole bottle?
-[glass clinks]
-Thanks.
[♪ Yeah Yeah Yeahs playing "Burning"]
♪ Believer ♪
♪ Took me over like a fever ♪
♪ Caught you hiding
in the smoke. smoke. smoke ♪
♪ Like a meteor. I glow. glow. glow ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ Lay your red hand on me. baby ♪
♪ Ooh. ooh ♪
♪ As I go...
[woman] Tough day?
Yeah.
God. yeah. [chuckles softly]
[phone vibrates]
♪ Into the sea. out of fire...
Hey.
Listen. if we're gonna do this thing.
we need to have some ground rules.
No more lying.
Yeah. Okay.
And no more killing.
-Okay?
-Mm.
♪ What you gonna do
when you get to the water?
♪ What you gonna do...
[operator] I don't have
any reports of a murder
at a Water Relief gala.
[Debbie] That's because
a mold company took him.
[operator] A mold company
murdered your husband?
[Debbie] No. No. they didn't murder him.
They just took him.
They're a front
for an assassination agency.
What part of this is difficult?
Eliminate the problem.
♪ All that burning ♪
♪ Into the sea. out of fire ♪
♪ All that burning ♪♪
[percussive music playing]
♪♪